# <a href="https://cvoadmin.github.io/css-zen-garden-mirror/">Live Demo</a>
# csszengarden.com

The ~~official repo~~ <b>fork</b> of the CSS Zen Garden.

Pull requests with improvements welcomed, ~~but remember that changes to the
HTML file affect the entire archive of 200+ designs~~ nope theres an HTML file in every subdirectory now.
If you're changing the markup, you'll need to commit changes to all designs affected.

If you plan to submit new designs via Github, please create a new branch for
your work and submit that as a pull request. ~~Make sure to update
masterlist.php and zengarden.xml with entries for your submission.~~ Best to
assign your submission a name instead of a number, since those are dependent
on publishing order.

~~If that makes no sense, just use the traditional submission form here: 
http://www.mezzoblue.com/zengarden/submit/~~


~~## Using TypeKit~~

~~The CSS Zen Garden fully supports TypeKit. To include custom type in your
submission, first create a TypeKit account and build a custom kit with the
fonts you want to use. Include the Typekit embed code as usual in your local
copy of the Zen Garden HTML file for development.~~

~~When you are ready to submit your design, you'll need to copy your Typekit
Kit ID to your CSS file before you submit. This will ensure that, when your
submission is approved, Typekit fonts will continue to work and font usage
won't be charged to your personal account. To do this, copy the Kit ID (found
in the Kit Editor, under "Embed Code" in the upper right corner) and paste it
into a new comment near the top of your CSS file.~~

~~Once you added the comment you are ready to submit your design to the CSS Zen
Garden. If you have any questions about using Typekit with your CSS Zen Garden
submission, do not hesitate to contact support@typekit.com.~~

## Running a local copy

Just open an html file in a subdirectory.

## Submitting Designs

~~There are two ways to submit a new design.~~ If you're reading this, you're
likely comfortable with issuing a pull request from GitHub -- please feel free
to do it that way. 

~~Everyone else can just use this submission form: 
http://www.mezzoblue.com/zengarden/submit/
